hey s defects doing a quick video to
show something right just announced
until it's a champion preview is going
to be the next champion so we probably
ought to wait a little longer for Asian
because is I could dragon it's going to
take a long time because it's not going
to be hard to make the Dragon right they
made shyvana but hmm she's a dragon and
cheese other things hmm ok so here we
have our our small assortment like
mostly sounds like a ninja swordsmen
like you see here probably this was a
kid training I think that's not a real
so that's probably would sort who's I
know it looks very good this in this one
this girl looks sharp so like you can
see him you could see the champion here
catching I don't know that means it
sounds like my super buttery to see some
white features when he was a boy and
seven and he soared so gonna have
herself a new male a guy like a top or a
jungler I think maybe it's a poor
jungler and he's probably in close range
because own if he could throw sorts that
changed the way but it says he's a
swordsman he was trained didn't we still
don't know his name but we know his
brother's name your son I think that's
how he say my son wish on something or
his brothers like death his name and
it's already a champion in League of
Legends who has a different name we
probably could be real since they're
putting lots of story into the
characters like they put it trash with
Lucien queen with v they're doing a lot
of stories now for the champions like
the question the new champion will be
related with you dear if you have seen
Anna comic
good you could see oh dear telling me
story in Indiana could just see why Shan
over there so this guy looks like it's
probably related to I don't know mastery
qinzhou who sounds like more like a
ninja said it could be a using energy or
mana I think more of effect more mana
he's not like sounds more like I'm not
like much more fun idea but is the
source month yep you're gonna be from
what is here probably someone who's not
mutated and holds a sword well so i
think it is with qinzhou jinzhou uses
thus the spear very well normally not
crazily and probably this guy has his
own site instead of being with noxus or
Knox's or yeah demacia sofa Kiev
season's fashion you could see I'll
leave a link to this if you want to with
this alacrity is interesting about his
brother here but soon he tells his story
life later on in pv air or they'll
probably show the champion that's what
to make this quick video if for some
people why would the second guy so the
soul with all to stone mm-hmm this is
his thing they say here sounds more like
a Strix atrox rocket is going terribly
yeah but I think that's all you got sure
guys to jump in preview showing the next
champion assortment probably top Mary
Mead probably manner or no manner
Parvati to qinzhou or mastery because
they like ninja play like not like
ninjas more like yeah how can I say this
we cannot see sighs hmm it's gonna be
the new blind the guy this is we
probably right it will you seen it
they're both from with the series we
could not see his eyes a very black so
you'll be fun if its assortment like
blind because you could see here is like
touching a feather by in this probably
lot of wind okay now from ooh not for
much in this picture nothing his eyes
and I'm thinking in some names and name
is the blind swordsman that sounds nice
the blind smooth tripping spotlights
someone sent me message I hate as I
shoulda turned outlaw so quickly when I
take this out so this bench effective
showing you a champion three of you opal
just these new some words month comes
out soon enough hope to leave a comment
if you want if you know more than me
right now if you know if you heard more
things about this champion please post
it in the comments I'd like to know more
about to step in if you guys know more
than me right now so this Vincent sexy
please yeah that's all I'm too don't
forget to leave a like subscribe if you
want to and like I said post comment if
you want to if you know better me right
now I'm saying like you know better than
me dude oh ok say guys bye stay awesome
guys yeah